worm and buscats he is our some
videos and today I bring you how to find
the jumping balls or last 3 lines or
the lemons or how do you say poop
hopper to the truth I do not know how they say
you and today we see when you want
to make a video to find them
of the west in the swamp biome good
in this panda language it's not a little
easier to find them and at night
so that you are more likely to get
appear by day is very low probability
make it look good since we 're on
night we have to go and look is what
I do not like it obviously you have to look
do not speak line will come for you but
you have to look for it and the thing the truth
I do not know why they want it but that
is the video that you have a way
that when more people of things and the house
to look for I have made it so that they are
saying of the comments that happens to me
the oil or something like that that does not
be I did it to give you a
retouch to the language so that we will go
carrying and it 's good to have a bit of
patience in the video is that I walk
looking good is still line but is that
these animals do not understand that they are
cluttering though that's your job or is
what you should do in this magnet no longer
they have already I am saying it but
good
let's go find them I'm using
around to see if I find one
have patience or face is a
big plan we kill him diamond ok
picture you kill and it 's a big come out
four and when more of those four come out
four other things that is a bit
of some came out about 16 I was
make
on paper
this is not something false that I have put
les line this is so that those who do not
They know how to find online
good the information of all the video
with what degree and that is in the
description of the video if it gives me
you read there is in the destruction
well then a small cut to see 5
between ones and there were no cuts here we are going to
notice as an hour looking but good
here the little cut and scream
we continue good friends there we have
found other line what a coincidence that
we have shown it in the same place in
the levels of the other but that's the way
minecraft good some look that what of
scanned not studied it seemed
If you do not believe me do the same is the
swamp at night and for that too they go
to find a slide although it's a bit
tedious looking for the guides as we see here
we see some where is the incited because lines
when you want lemon is the truth I do not know
how to say in you here we see many
say nothing
a friends also some will say we are
every too horrible is very ugly
night is worse I'm also in that
This opinion is awful language
although some like you and respect your
opinions and good friends if you dying
the procedure leave your like and if you
liked the video please from car to light
share it with your friends with 20 subscribes
totally free and good friends and up
the next
goodbye
manufacture autonomous retailers thank you
thanks to your command
millsap we take as initial thanks to
that have been taken